docs/SCHEDULE_IDEAL.md, before:

# Ideal Schedule

What considerations make for an ideal schedule?

## High Level Schedule Concerns:

- _**Easy**_ to catch 2 per week no matter who you are
- _**Pre-announced agenda**_ allows LiveCoders to plan ahead
- _**Predicatable:**_ Students with tight schedules can plan ahead
- _**Consistent**_ Ideally almost same schedule every week
- _**Planned Topic**_ for every meeting, including who presents.

## Resultant Filters:

To make it easy to catch 2 per week, that means 3-4 meetings a week need to be scheduled as SpringWise, because students often cannot make some times.

This pretty much means the most popular 4 times a week:

- Monday 7pm CST
- Tues 12:30pm CST
- Wednesday 7pm CST (Unless co-opted for Final Project presentation)
- Thurs 12:30pm CST

By scheduling each of these 4 times as always #SpringWise, that also satisfies the above high level filters of predictability and consistency

## Planned Task

- _**WHAT**_ task or tasks will be executed.
- _**WHO**_ will prepare to execute - if any.

Not every session has to be planned, but one may notice, on average, that planned sessions go a little bit better due to less fumbling better preparation.

Even something as simple as "Billy will attempt Issue 345" can be a good start towards a plan.

## Weekly Announcements

Where are announcements made?

- _**SpringWise Leads**_ Can and should announce their weekly plans on #springwise channel in slack.
- _**Instructor**_ only should be left to make all schedule announcements on the FullStack channel.

## Tier system for how we run spring wise sessions

- Assignment 13-FP (Tier 1)</br>
 <sub><sup>Advanced students leading live coding in the spectrum of CRUD</sub></sub></br>
<sub><sup> Lower level student does code review</sub></sup></br>
- Assignment 9-11 (Tier 2)</br>
<sub><sup> Live Coding with coaching through simple processes including things, but not limited to simple controllers and html pages </sub></sup></br>
- Assignment 6-8 (Tier 3)</br>
<sub><sup> Simple reps of team work process code reviews involving adding simple files to project and then pushing back up. </sub></sup></br>

Commit message:

✅ Updated .md files from SpringWise to cp in MOST files
The rest of the files are either historical .md files that discuss where this project came from or .idea h2 files that we'll need Pete's eye's on

docs/SCHEDULE_IDEAL.md, after:

# Ideal Schedule

What considerations make for an ideal schedule?

## High Level Schedule Concerns:

- _**Easy**_ to catch 2 per week no matter who you are
- _**Pre-announced agenda**_ allows LiveCoders to plan ahead
- _**Predicatable:**_ Students with tight schedules can plan ahead
- _**Consistent**_ Ideally almost same schedule every week
- _**Planned Topic**_ for every meeting, including who presents.

## Resultant Filters:

To make it easy to catch 2 per week, that means 3-4 meetings a week need to be scheduled as cp, because students often cannot make some times.

This pretty much means the most popular 4 times a week:

- Monday 7pm CST
- Tues 12:30pm CST
- Wednesday 7pm CST (Unless co-opted for Final Project presentation)
- Thurs 12:30pm CST

By scheduling each of these 4 times as always #cp, that also satisfies the above high level filters of predictability and consistency

## Planned Task

- _**WHAT**_ task or tasks will be executed.
- _**WHO**_ will prepare to execute - if any.

Not every session has to be planned, but one may notice, on average, that planned sessions go a little bit better due to less fumbling better preparation.

Even something as simple as "Billy will attempt Issue 345" can be a good start towards a plan.

## Weekly Announcements

Where are announcements made?

- _**cp Leads**_ Can and should announce their weekly plans on #leads-cp channel in slack.
- _**Instructor**_ only should be left to make all schedule announcements on the FullStack channel.

## Tier system for how we run cp sessions

- Assignment 13-FP (Tier 1)</br>
 <sub><sup>Advanced students leading live coding in the spectrum of CRUD</sub></sub></br>
<sub><sup> Lower level student does code review</sub></sup></br>
- Assignment 9-11 (Tier 2)</br>
<sub><sup> Live Coding with coaching through simple processes including things, but not limited to simple controllers and html pages </sub></sup></br>
- Assignment 6-8 (Tier 3)</br>
<sub><sup> Simple reps of team work process code reviews involving adding simple files to project and then pushing back up. </sub></sup></br>
